Updates from Collab Guide to PR and token guides, new Quick References tab (#25)
ABC-Center/ABC-guide: docs/wiki-guide/GitHub-PyPI-Zenodo-Integration.md

- Add release commit hash to `CITATION.cff` [identifiers](GitHub-Repo-Guide.md#__codelineno-1-8).

## Release Checklist

!!! tip "Pro tip"

    Copy the markdown for the relevant checklist below into an issue on your GitHub [Repo](GitHub-Repo-Guide.md) or [Project](Guide-to-GitHub-Projects.md) so you can check the boxes as you complete each step to genearate a release for your GitHub repository.

=== "First Release"

    ```Markdown
    ### Set version in... 
    - [ ] `__about__.py` file (the only repeated PyPI update).
      - Version should be set *dynamically* in the `pyproject.toml` from this file.*
    - [ ] [`CITATION.cff`](https://abc-center.github.io/ABC-guide/wiki-guide/GitHub-Repo-Guide/#citation-templates).
    - [ ] [`.zenodo.json`](https://abc-center.github.io/ABC-guide/wiki-guide/GitHub-Repo-Guide/#zenodo-metadata).
    
    ### Add/Update the [citation](https://abc-center.github.io/ABC-guide/wiki-guide/GitHub-Repo-Guide/#citation) and [Zenodo metadata](https://abc-center.github.io/ABC-guide/wiki-guide/GitHub-Repo-Guide/#zenodo-metadata) files.
    
    Ensure that...
    - [ ] All authors are included and appropriately ordered.

>       - This list may or may not change, and may differ from an associated paper author list, as discussed in the [Digital Product Lifecycle](https://abc-center.github.io/ABC-guide/wiki-guide/Digital-Product-Lifecycle/#exploration-phase) and the [Imageomics Author Guide](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1GwlCukfoQPL8JI2yyWRD3g4uiMTO3tlGNE_qeb_xBCs/edit?usp=sharing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - This list may or may not change, and may differ from an associated paper author list, as discussed in the [Digital Product Lifecycle](https://abc-center.github.io/ABC-guide/wiki-guide/Digital-Product-Lifecycle/#exploration-phase) and the [ABC Author Guide](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-ThzRQxUjyrS8qDmsij8tlHfdO1xAnD0POKy__9WyJI/edit?usp=sharing).
```
We missed one!

    - [ ] All project keywords are listed, using quotes for multi-word tags.
    - [ ] The release date in both files is correct.
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > This should be added in a PR as the last commit before a release, but check that the date matches, since these PRs may not necessarily be merged on the same day they are created.
    - Set [citation file identifiers](https://abc-center.github.io/ABC-guide/wiki-guide/GitHub-Repo-Guide/#__codelineno-1-8):
      - [ ] Version tag link should match the updated version. The commit hash of the version will be filled in *after* release.
    > [!NOTE]
    > You have not generated a release yet, so leave the `doi` key commented out; it will be added **after** release.

>     - [ ] Add [test to validate Zenodo file](https://github.com/Imageomics/ABC-guide/blob/main/.github/workflows/validate-zenodo.yaml).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] Add [test to validate Zenodo file](https://github.com/Imageomics/Collaborative-distributed-science-guide/blob/main/.github/workflows/validate-zenodo.yaml).*
```
This needs to point to the source
